Add ecdsa auth to state api (#1005)
csg-org/CompactConnect: backend/compact-connect/docs/client_signature_auth.md

```bash
# Generate private key
openssl ecparam -genkey -name prime256v1 -noout -out client_private_key.pem

# Extract public key
openssl ec -in client_private_key.pem -pubout -out client_public_key.pub
```

**Important**: Store the private key securely and never share it. You will provide only the public key to CompactConnect during client registration.

### 2. Request Signing Process

For each API request, you must:

1. **Generate required values**:
   - Timestamp (ISO 8601 format): `2024-01-15T10:30:00Z` or `2024-01-15T10:30:00+00:00`
   - Nonce (UUID4 or random string): `550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000`

2. **Create signature string** by joining these components with newlines (`\n`):
   ```text
   HTTP_METHOD
   REQUEST_PATH
   SORTED_QUERY_PARAMETERS
   TIMESTAMP
   NONCE
   KEY_ID
   ```

#### Canonical query string

- Percent-encode keys and values per RFC 3986 (space as %20, not +; do not encode unreserved characters).
- Sort first by key, then by value, using byte-order of the percent-encoded strings.
- Join as `key=value` pairs with `&` as the separator.

> - Omit the entire line if there are no query parameters (leave it empty in the signature string).

Reviewer: Reviewing the code, it seems like this should be an empty line, not a deleted line (which is how I initially interpreted this sentence). Can we clarify? e.g.

```suggestion
- If there are no query parameters, include an empty line in the signature string (e.g., not `''` but `'\n'`)
```

3. **Sign the string** using ECDSA with SHA-256. The signature format MUST be ASN.1 DER (most libraries produce DER by default).
4. **Base64-encode** the DER signature (do not hex-encode).
5. **Add headers** to your request

### 3. Required Headers

Every request to protected endpoints must include:

```http
Authorization: Bearer <oauth2_access_token>
X-Algorithm: ECDSA-SHA256
X-Timestamp: <iso8601_timestamp>
X-Nonce: <unique_nonce>
X-Key-Id: <key_identifier>
X-Signature: <base64_encoded_signature>
```

### 4. Example Implementation

#### Python Example

We maintain an example implementation, which we use to test and validate our own authentication mechanism
[here](../lambdas/python/common/common_test/sign_request.py). You can use this as a reference for your own

> implementation.

Reviewer: Thanks for including an example- really helpful, and I think will be a great starting point for state IT staff.

## Security Considerations

### Timestamp Validation

> - Requests must be made within 1 minute of the timestamp

Reviewer: Does this mean the timestamp in the request (as recorded by the client) is compared to the timestamp on our servers?

Author: Yes, that's part of the authentication mechanism which, in combination with the nonce, makes replay attacks more difficult, since the signature is only good for a minute after it is generated.

- Use UTC time in ISO 8601 format (`2024-01-15T10:30:00Z` or `2024-01-15T10:30:00+00:00`)
- Ensure your system clock is synchronized

### Nonce Management
- Generate a unique nonce for each request
- UUIDs or cryptographically random strings are recommended
- **Never reuse nonces** - each nonce must be unique across requests
- Nonces can only contain alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and hyphens (-)
- Nonces cannot be longer than 256 characters

### Private Key Security
- Store private keys securely (HSM, key vault, encrypted storage)
- Implement key rotation procedures
- Never log or transmit private keys
- Use appropriate file permissions (600) on key files

### Error Handling
- Authentication failures will return HTTP 401 or 403
- Check both OAuth2 token validity and signature

> - Implement retry logic with exponential backoff

Reviewer: I wonder if this might be better off combined with the "Common Issues" section below, making that section something that resembles more of an FAQ. I think the most useful section in this README for state IT staff will be the steps listed below (#1-4). Putting myself in their shoes, I think this section might be comparatively overwhelming and introduce a lot of additional questions.

Author: I'll give the whole doc a bit of a clean-up review, now that we've settled on the final details.

## Client Registration

To implement signature authentication:

> 1. **Receive client credentials and test your client credentials grant flow**

Reviewer: The linked file seems to have moved.
